Translation: khjl proofreading: khjl timeline: khjl this video I have been looking forward to for a long time
Shoot the visual silencer with a high-speed camera
How are you?
However, I did not have any documents or firearms to shoot this video
Until I met Steve
Hello everyone, I am Destin
Welcome to smart everday
This is Steve, who made the muffler, is that right?
(Steve: That's right)
What's your company's name?
Soteria
Soteria silencer
We all look forward to shooting this video
Steve is from Alabama
We are related to each other
He spotted my high-speed camera
I saw his visual muffler
So after he agreed
We will take what we need here
So what to do next?
We'll use a muffler with an acrylic shell to fire a bullet
In order to clearly see the launch of the process
Bullets flew out of the barrel
Blast and flames follow
What happened in the silencer?
The bullet came after the end of the barrel
Muzzle to form a gradually expanding shock wave
Then in the end the microphone, right? (Yes)
I do not expect this shock wave to be spherical or symmetrical
The shape should be similar to the leaf, right?
More like an inverted mushroom
Flip mushrooms?
If I turn the muzzle brake off
When the bullet flies out of the barrel, you can see a reverse mushroom (wow, awesome)
The moment I've been waiting
This is Teflon ring
Is there anything Steve wants to say?
I have to be completely honest
I never fired a .308 bullet using a muffler with an acrylic shell
I know the shell may be broken # Puno I know he wants to make this breakthrough
I guess: if the shell really failed
Rupture may begin with a threaded bottom or top
Taking into account the size of the pressure
What thread do you use?
Is the more sharp thread?
This is a blunt thread, thinner
Hope it will not burst it
But if it is
We might get some more 6 shots
let's go
I want the shell to crack as expected
My engineering professor did not lie
Have you seen such a picture?
Never seen before
Never seen anyone shoot such a picture
Mumford people
What is "Mumford people"?
Mumford USA!
Mumford Alabama
Mumford USA
I do not know what it means
This will become an unsolved mystery
But we designed it
Axial pressure makes the shell off
Squeeze gas silencer
The shell thread can not withstand this pressure, right? (Yes)
The next experiment we are selling is (yes)
And you have not seen this slow motion (yes)
Interesting
This is a .223 caliber Remington bullet
The principle of silencing is to store gas in the back of the silencer
Use the previous diamond structure to stop the gas
Fire!
If you want to analyze the role of muffler
Here is divided into two steps
The first step is to capture the gas inside and reduce the volume of the explosion
The second is to limit the flow of gas
Ensure that the gas stays in the silencer to prevent diffusion
Fire!
When you spend a lot of time designing a product
Things get cool
When you see the product
You will have an engineer-style intuition
In the following silencer, steve has the intuition
Before we pulled the trigger
You can hear him say: It will be very interesting
He wants to shoot this video
I also want to shoot this video, because this idea is the best in my mind
I can see a lot of gas
Steve did not tell me from the very beginning
This muffler is his company does not have much research time
Introduced one of the first few concept designs
He also did not tell me that he did not intend to use this to shoot
So its acrylic shell is a thin demo version
There are some claw-shaped structures inside
It's like trying to grab the gas and keep the gas away
So it should still be good
Ready to shoot
Fire!
...
Why do not you tell me!
I said it's unfortunate that I confessed that I had not tried it
this is my favourite!
This is my favorite design!
You know ... How do you know that it will break? Wish to hear the details
Well, this is a small silencer for .308
This system works well on .2 to .3 inch bullets
But .308 bullets need more capacity
Need 41 mm muffler
Not 35mm
This is an experiment that can promote development
So let's see what we can learn from it
Different from the previous segmentation system
This muffler uses a single stage system
In order to better clean the battlefield
We fired another time without a shell
In order to see exactly what happened
As you can see, these flat parts begin to bend from the inside to the outside
Then bounced back into the sleeve
The formation of internal stress
This test is called destructive testing
Is one of the areas that I'm most interested in in engineering
Steve apparently knows the shell will break
If we use a metal shell
Nothing will happen
But Steve deliberately weakened a part of the system
In order to observe the structural strength of the rest of the system
Understand this later
You can learn how to modify the entire design
And then to create a solid but not bulky products
This idea is very clever, engineers have been doing so
And this is my favorite part of engineering
This is the main content of this issue, very cool
Today I have a sponsor to introduce to you
This is not a normal advertisement
This is a big news for Sandlin household
We hope Hello fresh will continue to sponsor agitation every day
I mentioned this to my wife and my podcast
I revisited how we got in touch with Hello fresh
So how did this begin?
I subscribed to Hf's meal plan during the Christmas season
In order to reduce the time for planning or shopping during the New Year
There are many companies that have consulted on a pan-generosity day by day and include some companies in the food planning category
Yes, and there are also meal plan companies who have sent us samples
But I do not like the design of their meals or the type of food
Finally, I still pay Hf, this is better
We are looking forward to Hf sponsorship pandemic every day
This has a great impact on our family
My eldest son likes to learn cooking
And happy to help his mother in the kitchen
Hf ready to cook the material, delivered directly to your door
Make sure the ingredients are perfect and prevent waste
My wife and I like to go out and buy food without going through the shopping list
We just put the ingredients onto the stove one by one
Cooking guide is very detailed, and there is a suggestion card
Perfect for our family
As long as ten knives per meal below, within 30 minutes to complete
Go to HelloFresh.com and use coupon code "smarter"
You can get the first week for the 30 knife discount coupons
Very cost-effective
This is the use of beans spell into the discount code
Go to the official website to buy buy it
The last few things
I am very excited about the next video
Not concerned, if the screen is OK
Attention & subscription / coin / collection / point recommendation
Another thing if you want to see more original footage of high-speed photography
Follow the Affiliate Channel Smarter Every Day 2
Acoustic design for Gordon McGladdery
And more slow motion
Go take a look, still very flirtatious
Say goodbye to Steve
Well, this is all content
I hope you enjoy this video
Thanks again to Steve from Soteria
Let us take this video
You're welcome, I hope you can enjoy this video
We have to do some research here
We'll get some data, experiment based on facts, what do you think?
I have confidence
Keep improving
I am Destin, every day a little bit more, we see you later
I do not translate if I do not understand
Translation: khjl proofreading: khjl timeline: khjl